---
layout: post
title:  "The party arrives in Red Larch"
date:   2017-10-01 18:00:00 +0100
---

<br>
### 1st Tenday of Tarsakh 1491DR

#### 13:00 - The Market

<br>
Our party consists of:

* **Casi Lightfoot** a Wood Elf Rogue of the Harpers
* **Thog Bullington-Snythe** Half Orc Paladin of the Order of the gauntlet
* **Varis Siannodel** High Elf Monk of the Order of the gauntlet
* **Seafore Nobelboom** Rock Gnome Wizard of the Harpers

They come to Red Larch as a part of a caravan that has been working it's way from Phandalin around 140 miles away. The journey has taken around 4 days so these hithertoo strangers have had the time to become aquantiances. 
<br>
<br>

They enter from the north of the town on the 'Long road', passing a series of shops, a bakers, three Inns, a shrine, two stone workers, and a butchers before arriving at the market where the caravan journey ends. The caravan master grumpliy shoos them and the other travellers away and makes to start gathering new fares.
<br>
<br>

The market bustles, most of the traders in town have a presence here today.
<br>
<br>

The characters look dumb-founded.
<br>
<br>

A man is here doing things with pickles, there is a general hubbub.
<br>
<br>

*Seafore*: "I'm hungry ... "

The rest of the party mutters about being hungry, ignoring the various food stalls on offer, they exit the market and make their way to the swinging sword.
<br>
<br>
#### 13:15 - The Swinging Sword

The bar-woman Kaylessia, sells them hotpot and ale which they retire to eat. Whilst they eat Casi and Thog start to discuss amoung them the where abouts of the Dessarin Valley. Overhearing them, Kaylessia informs them that they are already there.
<br>
<br>

Seafore enquires about fires, Seafore likes fires. Kaylessia is a little weirded out but says there have been some wild fires recently but it's not a matter she knows much about.
<br>
<br>

They finish their meal and as they are leaving Kaylessia attemps to enlist their help investigating Lance rock, she also mentions the town constable, offering a reward of 50gp.
<br>
<br>

#### 14:00 - The butchers

Harburk, the constable, greets them. Seafore asks about the forest fires, Harburk is confused but directs him towards Westwood. There is some discussion about which direction Westwood is in, in summary: it's to the West and slightly south.
<br>
<br>

The constable mentions that there have been bandit attacks on the Cain road and he is far to busy with his butchering jobs to investigate that properly, he asks the group to help. The group ask for money, the constable angril says that he himself does not get paid for this extra task he does for the town. The party leaves.
<br>
<br>

Our party discuss the options available to them:
* Go south west 8 miles to look at a wood that has been on fire
* Go east to look for bandits

Thog makes a case for protecting people from bandits, whilst Seefore hopes to investigate the woods.

#### 14:15 - The party is on the Cairn road.

The adventures travel uneventfully for the 2 hour limit they set themselves before they would turn back. Then they turn north and start up a hill.

